Our product is a web application that allows users to learn web and computer security in a structured and efficient manner.  This is accomplished through the simplistic design of the app and neatly organized content.  The design is bright and easy-to-navigate to facilitate effective learning.  We chose a lighter/simpler design as opposed the dark/complex themes other tutorial-based apps use since we think it best motivates the user to continue learning by reducing the amount of information the user sees at any given time. Firstly, a user will sign up for an account using a username and a password; afterwhich they will automatically be logged into our app and their display name can be seen in the top navigation bar. By clicking the 'Tutorials' button, the user can access the full range of topics that our app covers, these are organized neatly in rows and columns. After selecting a topic, the user will then see a list of sub-topics pertaining to their primary topic. The user can now navigate to either a "tutorial" or "exercise" for the sub-topic. The tutorial will explain all relevant knowledge required to complete the exercise. In the exercise, the user is required to perform a task that they should be able to complete using the information and instructions in the tutorial. The user is allowed to skip the tutorial and head straight to the exercise if they so desire. The user then types their solution to the exercise (code) into the input box, the code will be syntactically highlighted. Once they've completed the task they can submit their answer and find out whether their solution is correct or not. Once the user is done, they can sign out.
